Microsoft software license terms microsoft .NET Library these license terms are
An agreement between microsoft corporation (or based on where you live, one of
Its affiliates) and you. Please read them. They apply to the software named
Above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any. The terms also
Apply to any microsoft

·         updates,

·         supplements,

·         internet-based services, and

·         support services

For this software, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms
Apply.

By using the software, you accept these terms. If you do not accept them, do not
Use the software.

If you comply with these license terms, you have the perpetual rights below.

1.    Installation and use rights.

A.    Installation and use. You may install and use any number of copies of the
Software to design, develop and test your programs.  You may modify, copy,
Distribute or deploy any .js files contained in the software as part of your
Programs.

B.    Third party programs. The software may include third party programs that
Microsoft, not the third party, licenses to you under this agreement. Notices,
If any, for the third party program are included for your information only.

2.    Additional licensing requirements and/or use rights.

A.    Distributable code.  In addition to the .js files described above, the
Software is comprised of distributable code. “distributable code” is code that
You are permitted to distribute in programs you develop if you comply with the
Terms below.

I.      Right to use and distribute.

·         you may copy and distribute the object code form of the software.

·         third party distribution. You may permit distributors of your programs
To copy and distribute the distributable code as part of those programs.

Ii.    Distribution requirements. For any distributable code you distribute, you
Must

·         use the distributable code in your programs and not as a standalone
Distribution;

·         require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that
Protect it at least as much as this agreement;

·         display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and

·         indemnify, defend, and hold harmless microsoft from any claims,
Including attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your programs.

Iii.   Distribution restrictions. You may not

·         alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the distributable
Code;

·         use microsoft’s trademarks in your programs’ names or in a way that
Suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by microsoft;

·         include distributable code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful
Programs; or

·         modify or distribute the source code of any distributable code so that
Any part of it becomes subject to an excluded license. An excluded license is
One that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution, that

·         the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or

·         others have the right to modify it.

3.    Scope of license. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only
Gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other rights.
Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use
The software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you
Must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you
To use it in certain ways. You may not

·         work around any technical limitations in the software;

·         reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and
Only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this
Limitation;

·         publish the software for others to copy;

·         rent, lease or lend the software; or

·         transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.

4.    Backup copy. You may make one backup copy of the software. You may use it
Only to reinstall the software.

5.    Documentation. Any person that has valid access to your computer or
Internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference
Purposes.

6.    Export restrictions. The software is subject to united states export laws
And regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws
And regulations that apply to the software. These laws include restrictions on
Destinations, end users and end use. For additional information, see
Www.microsoft.com/exporting.

7.    Support services. Because this software is “as is,” we may not provide
Support services for it.

8.    Entire agreement. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates,
Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire
Agreement for the software and support services.

9.    Applicable law.

A.    United states. If you acquired the software in the united states,
Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to
Claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of
The state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state
Consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.

B.    Outside the united states. If you acquired the software in any other
Country, the laws of that country apply.

10.  Legal effect. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have
Other rights under the laws of your country. You may also have rights with
Respect to the party from whom you acquired the software. This agreement does
Not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your
Country do not permit it to do so.

11.  Disclaimer of warranty. The software is licensed “as-is.” You bear the risk
Of using it. Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions.
You may have additional consumer rights or statutory guarantees under your local
Laws which this agreement cannot change. To the extent permitted under your
Local laws, microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability,
Fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.

For australia – you have statutory guarantees under the australian consumer law
And nothing in these terms is intended to affect those rights.

12.  Limitation on and exclusion of remedies and damages. You can recover from
Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to u.s. $5.00. You cannot
Recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special,
Indirect or incidental damages.

This limitation applies to

·         anything related to the software, services, content (including code)
On third party internet sites, or third party programs; and

·         claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or
Condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted
By applicable law.

It also applies even if microsoft knew or should have known about the
Possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to
You because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of
Incidental, consequential or other damages.

Please note: as this software is distributed in quebec, canada, some of the
Clauses in this agreement are provided below in french.
